Pardon me?
In this lifetime
You only recognize father and daughter as mother, don't come here
Stop calling me Weiwei
I'm Gutian
I am the richest daughter in Haicheng Gutian
My mother was stubborn
Hahahaha
Why is that?
Why are all of you poor and rich?
Hello
I single-handedly sent you into the Gong family
If it weren't for me
How can you possibly enjoy wealth?
I didn't expect you to thank me
But you hate me so much
Just because I'm poor
I'm not qualified to be a mother
Okay, so it's your family plotting mom
That's not true.
I kindly adopted Tiantian
I adopted him and cured him
I just want to adopt people
Treat her well
But you
What did you do?
You still want to offend me
I have two dog blood for waste
They're all here today.
Or let's die
How about dying together
What does Ren Jiaming want to do?
We have called the police.